README.md, before:

<div align="center">
 <img src="ratrace-cloud.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>
  <h1><b>RatRace API</b></h1>

</div>


<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
    - [🚀 Presentation](#video-presentation)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
   - [API End-Points](#api-end-points)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [🙏 Attribution](#attribution)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)


<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [RatRace] <a name="about-project"></a>

Ratrace is an api for the rat-race application that exposes the endpoints required by the rat-race front end.


## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>


  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.mysql.com/">PSQL</a></li>
  </ul>


  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.mysql.com/">RSpec-Rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://teamcapybara.github.io/capybara/">Capybara-Rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/rails/cssbundling-rails">Rails CSS Bundler</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/CanCanCommunity/cancancan">Cancan</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/heartcombo/devise">Devise</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/ged/ruby-pg">Ruby Pg</a></li>
  </ul>


  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-rails">Rubocop</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubygems.org/gems/selenium-webdriver/versions/4.4.0">Selenium Web driver</a></li>
  </ul>



<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
> Users api end-point
> Users can create accounts
> Users can login
> Users can logout
> Users can create a new quest
> Users can view all quests
> Users can view a single quest
> Users can quit a quest
> Users can join a quest
> Users can view all quests they have joined
> Users can view all quests they have created
> Users can view all quests they have quit
> Users can view all quests they have joined
> Users can view oublic quests
> Users can view other users profiles
> Users can view their ranking
> Users can compare skills on profile


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->
<!--
## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Live Demo of this application:

- [Live Demo Link](https://coincraft.onrender.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Video Presentation Demo <a name="video-presentation"></a>

> Video Presentation of this application:

- [Video Presentation](https://) -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:


```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/RileyManda/coincraft.git
```


### Install

Install this project with:

    ```sh
    cd my-project
    bundle install
    ```
    ```sh

### Usage

To run the project, you will need to execute:


```sh
  rails server
```


### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


```sh
  Rspec spec  or bundle exec rspec spec
```

### API End-Points <a name="api-end-points"></a>
| Resource | Endpoint |
|----------|----------|
| Users    | `/api/v1/users` |
| Education| `/api/v1/users/1/educations` |
| Skills   | `/api/v1/users/1/skills` |
| Profiles | `/api/v1/users/1/profiles` |
| Companies| `/api/v1/companies` |
| Roles    | `/api/v1/roles` |


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **RileyManda**

- GitHub: [@RileyManda](https://github.com/RileyManda)
- Twitter: [@rilecodez](https://twitter.com/rileycodez)
- LinkedIn: [rileymanda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rileymanda/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>


> Video Presentation of the project

> Deploy the application on render

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/RileyManda/coincraft/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

<!-- SUPPORT -->
## <b>Show your support 🌟</b><a name="support"></a>

Thank you for taking the time to explore this project! Your support means a lot to me. If you find my project valuable and would like to contribute, here is one way you can support me:

 - <b>Star the project ⭐️</b>: Show your appreciation by starring this GitHub repository. It helps increase visibility and lets others know that the project is well-received.

 - <b>Fork the project 🍴 🎣</b>: If you're interested in making improvements or adding new features, feel free to fork the project. You can work on your own version and even submit pull requests to suggest changes.

 - <b>Share with others 🗺️</b>: Spread the word about this project. Share it on social media, mention it in relevant forums or communities, or recommend it to colleagues and friends who might find it useful.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

- **Question_1**

  Do I have to use the vs code specifically?

  - Answer_1

    You can use any one of your favortite or prefered editors<br>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ATTRIBUTION -->
 <!-- ## 👥 Attribution <a name="attribution"></a>
- ProjectIcon: [Svgrepo](https://www.svgrepo.com/) -->


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](./LICENSE)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Added schema erd diagram to project documentation

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
 <img src="ratrace-cloud.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>
  <h1><b>RatRace API</b></h1>

</div>


<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
    - [🚀 Schema](#schema)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
   - [API End-Points](#api-end-points)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [🙏 Attribution](#attribution)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)


<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [RatRace] <a name="about-project"></a>

Ratrace is an api for the rat-race application that exposes the endpoints required by the rat-race front end.


## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>


  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.mysql.com/">PSQL</a></li>
  </ul>


  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.mysql.com/">RSpec-Rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://teamcapybara.github.io/capybara/">Capybara-Rails</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/rails/cssbundling-rails">Rails CSS Bundler</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/CanCanCommunity/cancancan">Cancan</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/heartcombo/devise">Devise</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/ged/ruby-pg">Ruby Pg</a></li>
  </ul>


  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-rails">Rubocop</a></li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubygems.org/gems/selenium-webdriver/versions/4.4.0">Selenium Web driver</a></li>
  </ul>



<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
> Users api end-point
> Users can create accounts
> Users can login
> Users can logout
> Users can create a new quest
> Users can view all quests
> Users can view a single quest
> Users can quit a quest
> Users can join a quest
> Users can view all quests they have joined
> Users can view all quests they have created
> Users can view all quests they have quit
> Users can view all quests they have joined
> Users can view oublic quests
> Users can view other users profiles
> Users can view their ranking
> Users can compare skills on profile


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->
<!--
## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Live Demo of this application:

- [Live Demo Link](https://coincraft.onrender.com/) -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Schema  <a name="schema"></a>

> The following diagram depicts the database schema for this project.:
<img src="rat-race-schema.png" alt="ratrace schema">


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:


```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/RileyManda/coincraft.git
```


### Install

Install this project with:

    ```sh
    cd my-project
    bundle install
    ```
    ```sh

### Usage

To run the project, you will need to execute:


```sh
  rails server
```


### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


```sh
  Rspec spec  or bundle exec rspec spec
```

### API End-Points <a name="api-end-points"></a>
| Resource | Endpoint |
|----------|----------|
| Users    | `/api/v1/users` |
| Education| `/api/v1/users/1/educations` |
| Skills   | `/api/v1/users/1/skills` |
| Profiles | `/api/v1/users/1/profiles` |
| Companies| `/api/v1/companies` |
| Roles    | `/api/v1/roles` |


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **RileyManda**

- GitHub: [@RileyManda](https://github.com/RileyManda)
- Twitter: [@rilecodez](https://twitter.com/rileycodez)
- LinkedIn: [rileymanda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rileymanda/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>


> Video Presentation of the project

> Deploy the application on render

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/RileyManda/coincraft/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

<!-- SUPPORT -->
## <b>Show your support 🌟</b><a name="support"></a>

Thank you for taking the time to explore this project! Your support means a lot to me. If you find my project valuable and would like to contribute, here is one way you can support me:

 - <b>Star the project ⭐️</b>: Show your appreciation by starring this GitHub repository. It helps increase visibility and lets others know that the project is well-received.

 - <b>Fork the project 🍴 🎣</b>: If you're interested in making improvements or adding new features, feel free to fork the project. You can work on your own version and even submit pull requests to suggest changes.

 - <b>Share with others 🗺️</b>: Spread the word about this project. Share it on social media, mention it in relevant forums or communities, or recommend it to colleagues and friends who might find it useful.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

- **Question_1**

  Do I have to use the vs code specifically?

  - Answer_1

    You can use any one of your favortite or prefered editors<br>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ATTRIBUTION -->
 <!-- ## 👥 Attribution <a name="attribution"></a>
- ProjectIcon: [Svgrepo](https://www.svgrepo.com/) -->


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](./LICENSE)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
